culture.norman=Normanda

//Norman:
villager.abbot=Abade
villager.carpenter=Carpinteiro
villager.cattleFarmerMale=Vaqueiro
villager.cattleFarmerFemale=Vaqueira
villager.pigherd=Guardador de Porcos
villager.pigherdF=Guardadora de Porcos
villager.shepherd=Pastor
villager.shepherdF=Pastora
villager.boy=Rapaz
villager.girl=Rapariga
villager.teenagerMale=Jovem
villager.teenagerFemale=Jovem
villager.farmer=Agricultor
villager.merchant_viking=Comerciante Viking
villager.merchant_weapons=Comerciante de Armamentos
villager.merchant_plant=Comerciante de Plantas
villager.merchant_art=Comerciante de Arte
villager.merchant_wool=Comerciante Têxtil
villager.merchant_food=Comerciante de Alimentos
villager.guard=Guarda
villager.guildmaster=Mestre do Grémio
villager.knight=Cavaleiro
villager.lady=Dama
villager.lumberman=Lenhador
villager.merchant=Comerciante
villager.miner=Mineiro
villager.monk=Monge
villager.priest=Padre
villager.seneschal=Senescal
villager.smith=Ferreiro
villager.wife=Aldeã

villager.innkeeperfemale=Estalajadeira
villager.innkeepermale=Estalajadeiro
villager.lonemiller=Moleiro
villager.merchant_weapon=Comerciante de Armamentos
villager.robberbaron=Líder Bandido
villager.robberleader=Líder Bandido

villager.lonelumberman=Lenhador
villager.lonelumbermantaiga=Lenhador
villager.loneminer=Mineiro
villager.lonemonk=Monge
villager.loneabbot=Abade
villager.alchemist=Alquimista
villager.alchemistassistant=Assistente do Alquimista
villager.alchemistapprentice=Aprendiz do Alquimista
villager.bandit=Bandido
villager.armoredbandit=Bandido
villager.felonbaron=Bandido
villager.felonsoldier=Bandido



shop.alchemyworkshop=Produtos Alquímicos
shop.armoury=Armas e Armaduras
shop.bakery=Pão
shop.cattlefarm=Produtos Bovinos
shop.forge=Ferramentas
shop.loneabbey=Produtos da Abadia
shop.loneinn=Mantimentos e Bebidas
shop.lonelumberman=Madeira e Maçãs
shop.lonelumbermantaiga=Madeira
shop.lonemill=Pão
shop.lonemine=Pedra
shop.lumberman=Maçãs de Sidra
shop.pigfarm=Produtos Suínos
shop.sheepchickenfarm=Couro e Produtos de Aves
shop.tavern=Álcool
shop.townhall=Loja Central