//Item key;item id;item meta;label (indicative only)
//This file is auto-generated and indicative only. Don't edit it.

akwardpotion;minecraft:potion;16;Awkward Potion
alchemistamulet;millenaire:item.ml_dwarves_amulet;0;item.ml_dwarves_amulet.name
alchimistexplosive;millenaire:tile.ml_stone_deco;3;tile.ml_stone_deco.3.name
arrow;minecraft:arrow;0;Arrow
beefcooked;minecraft:cooked_beef;0;Steak
beefraw;minecraft:beef;0;Raw Beef
bone;minecraft:bone;0;Bone
book;minecraft:book;0;Book
bookandquill;minecraft:writable_book;0;Book and Quill
bookshelves;minecraft:bookshelf;0;Bookshelf
bottle;minecraft:glass_bottle;0;Glass Bottle
boudin;millenaire:item.ml_boudin;0;item.ml_boudin.name
bow;minecraft:bow;0;Bow
bowlempty;minecraft:bowl;0;Bowl
bowlsoup;minecraft:mushroom_stew;0;Mushroom Stew
bread;minecraft:bread;0;Bread
brickmould;millenaire:item.ml_brickmould;0;item.ml_brickmould.name
bricks;minecraft:brick_block;0;Bricks
bucketempty;minecraft:bucket;0;Bucket
bucketlava;minecraft:lava_bucket;0;Lava Bucket
bucketmilk;minecraft:milk_bucket;0;Milk
bucketwater;minecraft:water_bucket;0;Water Bucket
byzantineboots;millenaire:item.ml_byzantineBoots;0;item.ml_byzantineBoots.name
byzantinehelmet;millenaire:item.ml_byzantineHelmet;0;item.ml_byzantineHelmet.name
byzantineiconlarge;millenaire:item.ml_byzantineiconlarge;0;item.ml_byzantineiconlarge.name
byzantineiconmedium;millenaire:item.ml_byzantineiconmedium;0;item.ml_byzantineiconmedium.name
byzantineiconsmall;millenaire:item.ml_byzantineicon;0;item.ml_byzantineicon.name
byzantinelegs;millenaire:item.ml_byzantineLegs;0;item.ml_byzantineLegs.name
byzantinemace;millenaire:item.ml_byzantineMace;0;item.ml_byzantineMace.name
byzantineplate;millenaire:item.ml_byzantinePlate;0;item.ml_byzantinePlate.name
byzantinestonetiles;millenaire:tile.byzantine_mixedbrick;0;tile.byzantine_mixedbrick.name
byzantinetiles;millenaire:tile.byzantine_brick;0;tile.byzantine_brick.name
byzantinetileslab;millenaire:tile.byzantine_brick_slab;0;tile.byzantine_brick_slab.name
cacauhaa;millenaire:item.ml_cacauhaa;0;item.ml_cacauhaa.name
cactus;minecraft:cactus;0;Cactus
cake;minecraft:cake;0;Cake
calva;millenaire:item.ml_calva;0;item.ml_calva.name
carrot;minecraft:carrot;0;Carrot
chainboots;minecraft:chainmail_boots;0;Chain Boots
chainchest;minecraft:chainmail_chestplate;0;Chain Chestplate
chainhelmet;minecraft:chainmail_helmet;0;Chain Helmet
chainlegs;minecraft:chainmail_leggings;0;Chain Leggings
chickencurry;millenaire:item.ml_chickencurry;0;item.ml_chickencurry.name
chickenmeat;minecraft:chicken;0;Raw Chicken
chickenmeatcooked;minecraft:cooked_chicken;0;Cooked Chicken
cider;millenaire:item.ml_cider;0;item.ml_cider.name
ciderapple;millenaire:item.ml_ciderapple;0;item.ml_ciderapple.name
clay;minecraft:clay_ball;0;Clay
clock;minecraft:clock;0;Clock
clothes_byz_silk;millenaire:item.ml_clothes;1;item.clothes_byz_silk.name
clothes_byz_wool;millenaire:item.ml_clothes;0;item.clothes_byz_wool.name
coal;minecraft:coal;0;Coal
cobblestone;minecraft:cobblestone;0;Cobblestone
compass;minecraft:compass;0;Compass
cookedbrick;millenaire:tile.ml_stone_deco;0;tile.ml_stone_deco.0.name
cookie;minecraft:cookie;0;Cookie
denier;millenaire:item.ml_denier;0;item.ml_denier.name
denierargent;millenaire:item.ml_denier_argent;0;item.ml_denier_argent.name
denieror;millenaire:item.ml_denier_or;0;item.ml_denier_or.name
diamond;minecraft:diamond;0;Diamond
diamondaxe;minecraft:diamond_axe;0;Diamond Axe
diamondboots;minecraft:diamond_boots;0;Diamond Boots
diamondchest;minecraft:diamond_chestplate;0;Diamond Chestplate
diamondhelmet;minecraft:diamond_helmet;0;Diamond Helmet
diamondhoe;minecraft:diamond_hoe;0;Diamond Hoe
diamondlegs;minecraft:diamond_leggings;0;Diamond Leggings
diamondpickaxe;minecraft:diamond_pickaxe;0;Diamond Pickaxe
diamondshovel;minecraft:diamond_shovel;0;Diamond Shovel
diamondsword;minecraft:diamond_sword;0;Diamond Sword
dirt;minecraft:dirt;0;Dirt
dirtwall;millenaire:tile.ml_earth_deco;1;tile.ml_earth_deco.1.name
dye_black;minecraft:dye;0;Ink Sac
dye_blue;minecraft:dye;4;Lapis Lazuli
dye_brown;minecraft:dye;3;Cocoa Beans
dye_cyan;minecraft:dye;6;Cyan Dye
dye_gray;minecraft:dye;8;Gray Dye
dye_green;minecraft:dye;2;Cactus Green
dye_lightblue;minecraft:dye;12;Light Blue Dye
dye_lightgray;minecraft:dye;7;Light Gray Dye
dye_lime;minecraft:dye;10;Lime Dye
dye_magenta;minecraft:dye;13;Magenta Dye
dye_orange;minecraft:dye;14;Orange Dye
dye_pink;minecraft:dye;9;Pink Dye
dye_purple;minecraft:dye;5;Purple Dye
dye_red;minecraft:dye;1;Rose Red
dye_white;minecraft:dye;15;Bone Meal
dye_yellow;minecraft:dye;11;Dandelion Yellow
egg;minecraft:egg;0;Egg
enderpearl;minecraft:ender_pearl;0;Ender Pearl
feather;minecraft:feather;0;Feather
feta;millenaire:item.ml_feta;0;item.ml_feta.name
fishcooked;minecraft:cooked_fished;0;Cooked Fish
fishraw;minecraft:fish;0;Raw Fish
flint;minecraft:flint;0;Flint
flintandsteel;minecraft:flint_and_steel;0;Flint and Steel
ghasttear;minecraft:ghast_tear;0;Ghast Tear
glass;minecraft:glass;0;Glass
gold;minecraft:gold_ingot;0;Gold Ingot
goldaxe;minecraft:golden_axe;0;Golden Axe
goldboots;minecraft:golden_boots;0;Golden Boots
goldchest;minecraft:golden_chestplate;0;Golden Chestplate
goldhelmet;minecraft:golden_helmet;0;Golden Helmet
goldhoe;minecraft:golden_hoe;0;Golden Hoe
goldlegs;minecraft:golden_leggings;0;Golden Leggings
goldore;minecraft:gold_ore;0;Gold Ore
goldpickaxe;minecraft:golden_pickaxe;0;Golden Pickaxe
goldshovel;minecraft:golden_shovel;0;Golden Shovel
goldsword;minecraft:golden_sword;0;Golden Sword
grapes;millenaire:item.ml_vine;0;item.ml_vine.name
gravel;minecraft:gravel;0;Gravel
gunpowder;minecraft:gunpowder;0;Gunpowder
ikayaki;millenaire:item.ml_ikayaki;0;item.ml_ikayaki.name
indianstatue;millenaire:item.ml_indianstatue;0;item.ml_indianstatue.name
iron;minecraft:iron_ingot;0;Iron Ingot
ironore;minecraft:iron_ore;0;Iron Ore
japaneseguardboots;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseGuardBoots;0;item.ml_japaneseGuardBoots.name
japaneseguardhelmet;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseGuardHelmet;0;item.ml_japaneseGuardHelmet.name
japaneseguardlegs;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseGuardLegs;0;item.ml_japaneseGuardLegs.name
japaneseguardplate;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseGuardPlate;0;item.ml_japaneseGuardPlate.name
japanesewarriorblueboots;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueBoots;0;item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueBoots.name
japanesewarriorbluehelmet;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueHelmet;0;item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueHelmet.name
japanesewarriorbluelegs;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueLegs;0;item.ml_japaneseWarriorBlueLegs.name
japanesewarriorblueplate;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseWarriorBluePlate;0;item.ml_japaneseWarriorBluePlate.name
japanesewarriorredboots;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedBoots;0;item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedBoots.name
japanesewarriorredhelmet;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedHelmet;0;item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedHelmet.name
japanesewarriorredlegs;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedLegs;0;item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedLegs.name
japanesewarriorredplate;millenaire:item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedPlate;0;item.ml_japaneseWarriorRedPlate.name
lambcooked;millenaire:item.ml_lamb_cooked;0;item.ml_lamb_cooked.name
lambraw;millenaire:item.ml_lamb_raw;0;item.ml_lamb_raw.name
leather;minecraft:leather;0;Leather
leatherboots;minecraft:leather_boots;0;Leather Boots
leatherchest;minecraft:leather_chestplate;0;Leather Tunic
leatherhelmet;minecraft:leather_helmet;0;Leather Cap
leatherlegs;minecraft:leather_leggings;0;Leather Pants
maize;millenaire:item.ml_maize;0;item.ml_maize.name
masa;millenaire:item.ml_masa;0;item.ml_masa.name
mayanaxe;millenaire:item.ml_mayanAxe;0;item.ml_mayanAxe.name
mayangold;millenaire:tile.ml_stone_deco;2;tile.ml_stone_deco.2.name
mayanhoe;millenaire:item.ml_mayanHoe;0;item.ml_mayanHoe.name
mayanmace;millenaire:item.ml_mayanMace;0;item.ml_mayanMace.name
mayanpickaxe;millenaire:item.ml_mayanPickaxe;0;item.ml_mayanPickaxe.name
mayanquestcrown;millenaire:item.ml_mayanQuestCrown;0;item.ml_mayanQuestCrown.name
mayanshovel;millenaire:item.ml_mayanShovel;0;item.ml_mayanShovel.name
mayanstatue;millenaire:item.ml_mayanstatue;0;item.ml_mayanstatue.name
melonseeds;minecraft:melon_seeds;0;Melon Seeds
melonslice;minecraft:melon;0;Melon
mudbrick;millenaire:tile.ml_stone_deco;1;tile.ml_stone_deco.1.name
mushroombrown;minecraft:brown_mushroom;0;Mushroom
mushroomred;minecraft:red_mushroom;0;Mushroom
netherwart;minecraft:nether_wart;0;Nether Wart
normanaxe;millenaire:item.ml_normanAxe;0;item.ml_normanAxe.name
normanboots;millenaire:item.ml_normanBoots;0;item.ml_normanBoots.name
normanbroadsword;millenaire:item.ml_normanBroadsword;0;item.ml_normanBroadsword.name
normanchest;millenaire:item.ml_normanPlate;0;item.ml_normanPlate.name
normanhelmet;millenaire:item.ml_normanHelmet;0;item.ml_normanHelmet.name
normanhoe;millenaire:item.ml_normanHoe;0;item.ml_normanHoe.name
normanlegs;millenaire:item.ml_normanLegs;0;item.ml_normanLegs.name
normanpickaxe;millenaire:item.ml_normanPickaxe;0;item.ml_normanPickaxe.name
normanshovel;millenaire:item.ml_normanShovel;0;item.ml_normanShovel.name
obsidian;minecraft:obsidian;0;Obsidian
obsidianflake;millenaire:item.ml_obsidianFlake;0;item.ml_obsidianFlake.name
painting;minecraft:painting;0;Painting
paper;minecraft:paper;0;Paper
paperwall;millenaire:tile.ml_panes;0;tile.ml_panes.name
parchmentbuildings;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentBuildings;0;item.ml_parchmentBuildings.name
parchmentcomplete;millenaire:item.ml_marchmentComplete;0;item.ml_marchmentComplete.name
parchmentindianbuildings;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentIndianBuildings;0;item.ml_parchmentIndianBuildings.name
parchmentindiancomplete;millenaire:item.ml_marchmentIndianComplete;0;item.ml_marchmentIndianComplete.name
parchmentindianitems;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentIndianItems;0;item.ml_parchmentIndianItems.name
parchmentindianvillagers;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentIndianVillagers;0;item.ml_parchmentIndianVillagers.name
parchmentitems;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentItems;0;item.ml_parchmentItems.name
parchmentjapanesebuildings;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentJapaneseBuildings;0;item.ml_parchmentJapaneseBuildings.name
parchmentjapanesecomplete;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentJapaneseComplete;0;item.ml_parchmentJapaneseComplete.name
parchmentjapaneseitems;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentJapaneseItems;0;item.ml_parchmentJapaneseItems.name
parchmentjapanesevillagers;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentJapaneseVillagers;0;item.ml_parchmentJapaneseVillagers.name
parchmentmayanbuildings;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentMayanBuildings;0;item.ml_parchmentMayanBuildings.name
parchmentmayancomplete;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentMayanComplete;0;item.ml_parchmentMayanComplete.name
parchmentmayanitems;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentMayanItems;0;item.ml_parchmentMayanItems.name
parchmentmayanvillagers;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentMayanVillagers;0;item.ml_parchmentMayanVillagers.name
parchmentsadhu;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentSadhu;0;item.ml_parchmentSadhu.name
parchmentvillagers;millenaire:item.ml_parchmentVillagers;0;item.ml_parchmentVillagers.name
pathdirt;millenaire:tile.ml_path;0;tile.ml_path.0.name
pathdirt_slab;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;0;tile.ml_path_slab.0.name
pathdirt_slab_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;8;tile.ml_path_slab.8.name
pathdirt_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path;8;tile.ml_path.8.name
pathgravel;millenaire:tile.ml_path;1;tile.ml_path.1.name
pathgravel_slab;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;1;tile.ml_path_slab.1.name
pathgravel_slab_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;9;tile.ml_path_slab.9.name
pathgravel_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path;9;tile.ml_path.9.name
pathgravelslabs;millenaire:tile.ml_path;5;tile.ml_path.5.name
pathgravelslabs_slab;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;5;tile.ml_path_slab.5.name
pathgravelslabs_slab_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;13;tile.ml_path_slab.13.name
pathgravelslabs_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path;13;tile.ml_path.13.name
pathochretiles;millenaire:tile.ml_path;4;tile.ml_path.4.name
pathochretiles_slab;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;4;tile.ml_path_slab.4.name
pathochretiles_slab_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;12;tile.ml_path_slab.12.name
pathochretiles_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path;12;tile.ml_path.12.name
pathsandstone;millenaire:tile.ml_path;3;tile.ml_path.3.name
pathsandstone_slab;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;3;tile.ml_path_slab.3.name
pathsandstone_slab_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;11;tile.ml_path_slab.11.name
pathsandstone_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path;11;tile.ml_path.11.name
pathslabs;millenaire:tile.ml_path;2;tile.ml_path.2.name
pathslabs_slab;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;2;tile.ml_path_slab.2.name
pathslabs_slab_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path_slab;10;tile.ml_path_slab.10.name
pathslabs_stable;millenaire:tile.ml_path;10;tile.ml_path.10.name
planks_acacia;minecraft:planks;4;Acacia Wood Planks
planks_birch;minecraft:planks;2;Birch Wood Planks
planks_darkoak;minecraft:planks;5;Dark Oak Wood Planks
planks_jungle;minecraft:planks;3;Jungle Wood Planks
planks_oak;minecraft:planks;0;Oak Wood Planks
planks_pine;minecraft:planks;1;Spruce Wood Planks
porkchops;minecraft:porkchop;0;Raw Porkchop
porkchopscooked;minecraft:cooked_porkchop;0;Cooked Porkchop
potato;minecraft:potato;0;Potato
pumpkin;minecraft:pumpkin;0;Pumpkin
pumpkinseeds;minecraft:pumpkin_seeds;0;Pumpkin Seeds
purse;millenaire:item.ml_purse;0;item.ml_purse.name
rasgulla;millenaire:item.ml_rasgullaId;0;item.ml_rasgullaId.name
redflower;minecraft:red_flower;0;Poppy
redstone;minecraft:redstone;0;Redstone
rice;millenaire:item.ml_rice;0;item.ml_rice.name
rottenflesh;minecraft:rotten_flesh;0;Rotten Flesh
saddle;minecraft:saddle;0;Saddle
sake;millenaire:item.ml_sake;0;item.ml_sake.name
sand;minecraft:sand;0;Sand
sandstone;minecraft:sandstone;0;Sandstone
sapling;minecraft:sapling;0;Oak Sapling
sapling_acacia;minecraft:sapling;4;Acacia Sapling
sapling_birch;minecraft:sapling;2;Birch Sapling
sapling_darkoak;minecraft:sapling;5;Dark Oak Sapling
sapling_jungle;minecraft:sapling;3;Jungle Sapling
sapling_pine;minecraft:sapling;1;Spruce Sapling
seeds;minecraft:wheat_seeds;0;Seeds
shears;minecraft:shears;0;Shears
silk;millenaire:item.ml_silk;0;item.ml_silk.name
silkwormblockempty;millenaire:tile.ml_wood_deco;3;tile.ml_wood_deco.3.name
silkwormblockfull;millenaire:tile.ml_wood_deco;4;tile.ml_wood_deco.4.name
skollhatiamulet;millenaire:item.ml_skoll_hati_amulet;0;item.ml_skoll_hati_amulet.name
slimeball;minecraft:slime_ball;0;Slimeball
snow;minecraft:snow;0;Snow
souvlaki;millenaire:item.ml_souvlaki;0;item.ml_souvlaki.name
spidereye;minecraft:spider_eye;0;Spider Eye
steelaxe;minecraft:iron_axe;0;Iron Axe
steelboots;minecraft:iron_boots;0;Iron Boots
steelchest;minecraft:iron_chestplate;0;Iron Chestplate
steelhelmet;minecraft:iron_helmet;0;Iron Helmet
steelhoe;minecraft:iron_hoe;0;Iron Hoe
steellegs;minecraft:iron_leggings;0;Iron Leggings
steelpickaxe;minecraft:iron_pickaxe;0;Iron Pickaxe
steelshovel;minecraft:iron_shovel;0;Iron Shovel
steelsword;minecraft:iron_sword;0;Iron Sword
stone;minecraft:stone;0;Stone
stoneaxe;minecraft:stone_axe;0;Stone Axe
stonebrick;minecraft:stonebrick;0;Stone Bricks
stonehoe;minecraft:stone_hoe;0;Stone Hoe
stonepickaxe;minecraft:stone_pickaxe;0;Stone Pickaxe
stoneshovel;minecraft:stone_shovel;0;Stone Shovel
stonesword;minecraft:stone_sword;0;Stone Sword
string;millenaire:item.ml_silk;0;item.ml_silk.name
sugarcane;minecraft:reeds;0;Sugar Canes
tachisword;millenaire:item.ml_taichiSword;0;item.ml_taichiSword.name
tapestry;millenaire:item.ml_tapestry;0;item.ml_tapestry.name
thatched;millenaire:tile.ml_wood_deco;2;tile.ml_wood_deco.2.name
timberframe_cross;millenaire:tile.ml_wood_deco;1;tile.ml_wood_deco.1.name
timberframe_plain;millenaire:tile.ml_wood_deco;0;tile.ml_wood_deco.0.name
tnt;minecraft:tnt;0;TNT
tripes;millenaire:item.ml_tripes;0;item.ml_tripes.name
turmeric;millenaire:item.ml_turmeric;0;item.ml_turmeric.name
udon;millenaire:item.ml_udon;0;item.ml_udon.name
unknownpowder;millenaire:item.ml_unknownPowder;0;item.ml_unknownPowder.name
vegcurry;millenaire:item.ml_vegcurry;0;item.ml_vegcurry.name
villagewand;millenaire:item.ml_villageWand;0;item.ml_villageWand.name
vines;minecraft:vine;0;Vines
vishnuamulet;millenaire:item.ml_raven_amulet;0;item.ml_raven_amulet.name
wah;millenaire:item.ml_wah;0;item.ml_wah.name
wheat;minecraft:wheat;0;Wheat
wine;millenaire:item.ml_wine;0;item.ml_wine.name
winebasic;millenaire:item.ml_wine_basic;0;item.ml_wine_basic.name
wood;minecraft:log;0;
wood_acacia;minecraft:log2;0;
wood_any;minecraft:log;-1;
wood_birch;minecraft:log;2;
wood_darkoak;minecraft:log2;1;
wood_jungle;minecraft:log;3;
wood_oak;minecraft:log;0;
wood_pine;minecraft:log;1;
woodaxe;minecraft:wooden_axe;0;Wooden Axe
woodhoe;minecraft:wooden_hoe;0;Wooden Hoe
woodpickaxe;minecraft:wooden_pickaxe;0;Wooden Pickaxe
woodshovel;minecraft:wooden_shovel;0;Wooden Shovel
woodsword;minecraft:wooden_sword;0;Wooden Sword
wool_black;minecraft:wool;15;Black Wool
wool_blue;minecraft:wool;11;Blue Wool
wool_brown;minecraft:wool;12;Brown Wool
wool_cyan;minecraft:wool;9;Cyan Wool
wool_gray;minecraft:wool;7;Gray Wool
wool_green;minecraft:wool;13;Green Wool
wool_lightblue;minecraft:wool;3;Light Blue Wool
wool_lightgray;minecraft:wool;8;Light Gray Wool
wool_limegreen;minecraft:wool;5;Lime Wool
wool_magenta;minecraft:wool;2;Magenta Wool
wool_orange;minecraft:wool;1;Orange Wool
wool_pink;minecraft:wool;6;Pink Wool
wool_purple;minecraft:wool;10;Purple Wool
wool_red;minecraft:wool;14;Red Wool
wool_white;minecraft:wool;0;Wool
wool_yellow;minecraft:wool;4;Yellow Wool
yddrasilamulet;millenaire:item.ml_yddrasil_amulet;0;item.ml_yddrasil_amulet.name
yellowflower;minecraft:yellow_flower;0;Dandelion
yumibow;millenaire:item.ml_yumiBow;0;item.ml_yumiBow.name
