playerestate_A0=Sidlo
forge_A0=Kovarna
armyforge_A0=Zbrojirna
scultorhouse_A0=Socharska dilna
archives_A0=Chramovy archiv
chiefhouse_A0=Nacelnikuv dum
chiefhouse_B0=Nacelnikuv dum
fort_A0=Pevnost
fort_A_forge_A0=Kovarna pevnosti
fort_A_soldierhouse_A0=Kasarna
peasanthouse_A0=Domoroda chyse
peasanthouse_B0=Domoroda chata
peasanthouse_C0=Domorody dum
lumbermanhouse_A0=Drevorubecka bouda
quarry_A0=Lom 
quarry_B0=Dul 
soldierhouse_A0=Straznice
brickkiln_A0=Cihelna
grove_A0=Lesik
paddy_A0=Ryzove pole
spicegarden_A0=Policko s korenim
sugarplantation_A0=Plantaz s cukrovou trtinou
villagetemple_A0=Chram
palace_A0=Palac
guesthouse_A0=Penzion
inn_A0=Hospoda
largepeasanthouse_A0=Velky dum
largepeasanthouse_A_secondary_A0=Pristavek velkeho domu
playerpalace_A0=Hracsky palac
playerhugefield_A0=Obrovske pole
playerlargefield_A0=Velke pole
playersmallfield_A0=Male pole
playersmallhouse_A0=Domek
bazaar_A0=Trziste
tank_A0=Nadrz

//extra buildings:
well_A0=Studna

//lone buildings:
adivasifarm_A0=Farma Adivasiu
adivasifarm_B0=Farma Adivasiu
deserttradeoutpost_A0=Poustni obchodni post
ruinedfort_A0=Ruiny pevnosti
sandblasted_A0=Opusteny obchodni post
indiandesertedfarm_A0=Znicena Indska farma
loneshrine_A0=Osamela Indska svatyne
sadhutree_A0=Strom Sadha
