japanesegrove_A0=Lesik
japanesegrove_B0=Haj
japanesegrove_C0=Hajek
japanesepeasanth_A0=Venkovansky dum
japanesepeasanth_B0=Venkovansky dum
japanesepeasanth_C0=Venkovansky dum
japaneselmh_A0=Drevorubec
japanesepaddy_A0=Ryzove pole
japanesepalace_A0=Cisarska kancelar
japaneseforge_A0=Kovar
japanesefishery_A0=Jezirko
japanesefishery_B0=Rybnicek
japanesefishery_C0=Vodni nadrz
japanesefishery_A1=Rybarstvi
japanesefishery_B1=Rybarstvi
japanesefishery_C1=Rybarstvi
japanesesamuraih_A0=Straznice
japanesesamuraih_B0=Straznice
japanesequarry_A0=Lom
japanesequarry_B0=Dul
japanesearchive_A0=Archivy
japanesearchive_B0=Archivy
japanesepagoda_A0=Pagoda
japanesepagoda_B0=Pagoda
japaneseshintoshrine_A0=Brana Torii
japanesefarm_A0=Obilna farma
japanesefarm_B0=Obilna farma
japanesefarmbig_A0=Farma
japanesefarmbig_B0=Farma
japanesecrafter_A0=Dum remeslniku
japanesecrafter_B0=Dum remeslniku
japanesefort_A0=Pevnost
japaneseplot1_A0=Male pole
japaneseplot2_A0=Pole
japaneseplot3_A0=Velke pole
japanesehut_A0=Mala chatrc
japanesehouse_A0=Maly dum
japanesehousemedium_A0=Dum
japanesehouselarge_A0=Velky dum
japaneselookout_A0=Hlidkova vez
japaneselookout_B0=Hlidkova vez
japanesezen_A0=Jezirko
japanesekitchen_A0=Kuchyne
japanesekitchen_B0=Kuchyne
japaneseplayerpalace_A0=Palac hrace
japaneseinn_A0=Hospoda
japanesemarket_A0=Obchod
japanesearcheryrange_A0=Strelnice
bath_A0=Lazne
well_A0=Studna

japaneseoutpost_A0=Japonske stanoviste
japanesearmyforge_A0=Armadni kovarna
lonebuddha_A0=Buddhova socha
bandit_cave_A0=Jeskyne banditu
kufun_tomb_A0=Hrobka Kufun
kufun_tomb_B0=Hrobka Kufun
woods_shrine_A0=Drevena svatyne
lonemine_A0=Opusteny japonsky dul
banditfort_A0=Pevnost banditu
