
mayanplayerestate_A0=Grande Pirâmide
mayancrafter_A0=Casa do Artesão
mayanarmyforge_A0=Forja do Caçador
mayansculptorhouse_A0=Casa do Escultor
mayanlibrary_A0=Biblioteca
mayanacropolis_A0=Campo de Bola Real
mayanalter_A0=Altar Sacrificial
mayanhouse_A0=Casa Maia
mayanhouse_B0=Casa Maia
mayanhouse_C0=Casa Maia
mayanhouse_D0=Casa Maia
mayanlumber_A0=Casa do Lenhador
mayanmining_A0=Pedreira
mayanguard_A0=Casa do Guardião
mayangrove_A0=Bosque
mayanpyramid_A0=Pirâmide
mayaninn_A0=Albergaria
mayanlargepeasanthouse_A0=Casa Grande
mayanlargepeasanthouse_A_secondary_A0=Casa Grande
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_A0=Casa Inferior
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_A_secondary_A0=Casa Superior
mayanbakery_A0=Padaria
mayanballcourt_A0=Campo de Bola
mayanplayerlargehouse_A0=Pirâmide Grandiosa
mayancalendar_A0=Calendário Solar
mayancave_A0=Gruta
mayancistern_A0=Cisterna
mayancornfarm_A0=Plantação de Milho
mayancornfarm_B0=Plantação de Milho
mayancornfarm_C0=Plantação de Milho
mayanobservatory_A0=Observatório
mayansheepchickenfarm_B0=Aviário
mayanplayerhugefield_A0=Terreno Grande
mayanplayerlargefield_A0=Terreno Médio
mayanplayersmallfield_A0=Terreno Pequeno
mayanplayersmallhouse_A0=Casa Antiga
mayanshamangrounds_A0=Terrenos do Xamã
mayansheepchickenfarm_A0=Aviário
mayantemple_A0=Templo
mayanwatchtower_A0=Torre de Vigia
mayanmarket_A0=Mercado
mayancacaofarm_A0=Plantação de Cacau
mayancacaofarm_B0=Plantação de Cacau

mayanguesthouse_A0=Estalagem
mayanobsidiancrafter_A0=Oficina de Obsidiana

mayanplayerpyramid_A0=Pirâmide

lonemayancave_A0=Gruta Isolada
lonemayanfarm_A0=Quinta Maia Isolada
lonemayanshaman_A0=Terrenos Isolados do Xamã
mayanbandits_A0=Posto de Bandidos
mayanruinedpyramid_A0=Pirâmide Perdida
mayanbandithome_A0=Residência de Bandidos
lonemayanruin_A0=Casa Maia Abandonada
lonemayancornfarm_A0=Quinta Maia Abandonada
lonemayanmining_A0=Pedreira Maia Abandonada
lonemayanpyramid_A0=Pirâmide Abandonada

gifthouse_a0=Casa do Contribuidor

questpyramid_A0=Pirâmide Amaldiçoada
questpyramid_pit_A0=Pirâmide Amaldiçoada
questpyramid_guards_A0=Pirâmide Amaldiçoada
questpyramid_jail_A0=Pirâmide Amaldiçoada

questguardtower_A0=Torre de Vigia
questcamphouse_A0=Quartel
questbarrack_A0=Quartel

mayancamp_A0=Posto Maia
mayancamp_outerguard_A0=Posto Maia
mayancamp_dig_A0=Posto Maia
mayancamp_wall_A0=Posto Maia
mayancamp_jail_A0=Posto Maia
mayancamp_innerguard_A0=Posto Maia

questcave_door_A0=Gruta Maia
questcave_A0=Gruta Maia