abbey_A0=Opatstvi
archives_A0=Archiv
armoury_A0=Zbrojnice
bakery_A0=Pekarna
carpenterhouse_A0=Tesarstvi
cattlefarm_A0=Kravin
church_A0=Kostelik
church_A2=Kostel
farm_A0=Farma
farm_B0=Statek
forge_A0=Kovarna
fort_A0=Tvrz
fort_A_lefttower_A0=Strazni vez
fort_A_righttower_A0=Strazni vez
grove_A0=Lesik
grove_B0=Lesik
grove_C0=Lesik
guardhouse_A0=Straznice
guesthouse_A0=Penzion
guildhouse_A0=Cechovni dum
inn_A0=Hostinec
lumbermanhut_A0=Drevorubecka bouda
lumbermanhut_B0=Chyse drevorubce
manor_A0=Panstvi
market_A0=Obchod
pigfarm_A0=Praseci farma
playerestate_A0=Hracova usedlost
playerhugefield_A0=Obrovske pole
playerlargefield_A0=Velke pole
playerlargehouse_A0=Velky dum
playersmallfield_A0=Policko
playersmallhouse_A0=Domek
presbytery_A0=Presbytar
quarry_A0=Kamenolom
sheepchickenfarm_A0=Ovci farma
tavern_A0=Krcma
watchtower_A0=Strazni vez
fountain_A0=Fontanka
largefountain_A0=Fontana
well_A0=Studna
alchemyworkshop_A0=Alchymista
townhall_A0=Radnice
townhallagricole_A0=Radnice se sypkou

playerfort_A0=Hracska pevnost
anomalyone_A0=Anomalie
anomalytwo_A0=Anomalie
anomalythree_A0=Anomalie


lonelumbermanhut_A0=Drevorubecka chatrc
lonelumbermantaigahut_A0=Drevorubecka chatrc
lonemine_A0=Osamoceny dul
loneabbey_A0=Osamocene opatstvi
ruinedfarm_A0=Znicena farma
ruinedfarm_B0=Znicena farma
ruinedfarm_C0=Znicena farma
banditlair_A0=Sluj banditu
alchemisttower_A0=Alchymisticka vez
bandittower_A0=Vez banditu
abandonedmill_A0=Opusteny mlyn
abandonedmine_A0=Opusteny dul
abandonedtower_A0=Znicena vez
loneinn_A0=Opustena hospoda
lonemill_A0=Opusteny vodni mlyn
feloncastle_A0=Pevnost grazlu
pantheon_A0=Panteon
