quarrybyzantine_A0=Mina
grovebyzantine_A0=Arboleda
testfarm_A0=Granja
testfarm_A_backerei_A0=Molino
churchbyzantine_A0=Sitio de construcción de la Iglesia.
churchbyzantine_A9=Iglesia Ortodoxa
churchbyzantine_A_altar_A0=Altar
artisanbyzantine_A0=Casa del Artesano
workshopbyzantine_A0=Taller
ancienttemplebyzantine_A0=Antiguo Templo
ancienttheatrebyzantine_A0=Antiguo Teatro
bakerybyzantine_A0=Panadería
placebyzantine_A0=Salón de la Aldea
fortbyzantine_A0=Fuerte
forgebyzantine_A0=Herrería
villa urbana_A0=Villa Urbana
tavernbyzantine_A0=Taverna
bakerybyzantine_A0=Panadería
fisherbyzantine_A0=Choza del Pescador
lumberbyzantine_A0=Choza del Maderero
watchtowerbyzantine_A0=Torre de Vigilancia
chapelbyzantine_A0=Capilla
farmbyzantine_A0=Granja
sheepbyzantine_A0=Rancho de las Ovejas
playerfortbyzantine_A0=Fuerte
innbyzantine_A0=Posada
guesthousebyzantine_A0=Casa de Invitados
basilkabyzantine_A0=Salón del Mercado
barracksbyzantine_A0=Cuartel
barracksbyzantine_A_bed_A0=Dormitorio del Cuartel
presbyterybyzantine_A0=Presbiterio
fortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Herrería
playerfortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Herrería
well_A0=Pozo

oaktower_A0=Torre de Vigilancia
birchtower_A0=Torre de Vigilancia
pinetower_A0=Torre de Vigilancia
jungletower_A0=Torre de Vigilancia

placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Foro
vineyardbyzantine_a0=Viñedo
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Arboleda de Abedul
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Granja de Seda
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Dormitorio del Fuerte
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Dormitorio del Fuerte
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Dormitorio del Fuerte
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Dormitorio del Fuerte
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Dormitorio del Fuerte
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Dormitorio del Fuerte
lighthouse_a0=Faro
architectbyzantine_a0=Estudio del Arquitecto
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Dormitorio del Fuerte Solitario
lonecastle_a0=Fuerte Solitario
lonesheepfarm_a0=Solitaria Granja de Ovejas
lonesheepfarm_b0=Solitaria Granja de Ovejas
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Arboleda de Roble

lonecastle_a_training_a0=Área de Entrenamiento
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Capilla

gifthouse_a0=Casa de Regalos