
abbey_A0=Abtei
archives_A0=Archiv
armoury_A0=Rüsthaus 
bakery_A0=Bäckerei
carpenterhouse_A0=Schreinerei
cattlefarm_A0=Rinderzucht
church_A0=Kapelle
church_A2=Kirche
farm_A0=Bauernhof
farm_B0=Bauernhof
forge_A0=Schmiede
fort_A0=Festung
fort_A_lefttower_A0=Wachturm
fort_A_righttower_A0=Wachturm
grove_A0=Hain
grove_B0=Hain
grove_C0=Hain
guardhouse_A0=Haus der Wache
guesthouse_A0=Gästehaus
guildhouse_A0=Gildenhalle
inn_A0=Herberge
lumbermanhut_A0=Holzfällerhütte
lumbermanhut_B0=Holzfällerhütte
manor_A0=Landhaus
market_A0=Markt
pigfarm_A0=Schweinezucht
playerestate_A0=Anwesen
playerhugefield_A0=Riesiges Grundstück
playerlargefield_A0=Großes Grundstück
playerlargehouse_A0=Bürgerliches Haus
playersmallfield_A0=Kleines Grundstück
playersmallhouse_A0=Kleines Haus
presbytery_A0=Pfarrhaus
quarry_A0=Steinbruch
sheepchickenfarm_A0=Schafzucht
tavern_A0=Taverne
watchtower_A0=Wachturm
fountain_A0=Springbrunnen
largefountain_A0=Grosser Springbrunnen
well_A0=Brunnen
alchemyworkshop_A0=Alchemiewerkstatt
townhall_A0=Rathaus
townhallagricole_A0=Landwirt. Rathaus


playerfort_A0=Festung des Spielers
anomalyone_A0=Anomalie I
anomalytwo_A0=Anomalie II
anomalythree_A0=Anomalie III

//Lone buildings
lonelumbermanhut_A0=Einsame Holzfällerhütte
lonelumbermantaigahut_A0=Einsame Holzfällerhütte
lonemine_A0=Steinbruch
loneabbey_A0=Abgelegenes Kloster
loneinn_A0=Abgelegene Gaststätte
lonemill_A0=Einsame Wassermühle
ruinedfarm_A0=Zerstörter Bauernhof
ruinedfarm_B0=Zerstörter Bauernhof
ruinedfarm_C0=Zerstörter Bauernhof
banditlair_A0=Banditenversteck
bandittower_A0=Banditenturm
alchemisttower_A0=Turm des Alchemisten
abandonedmill_A0=Verlassene Mühle
abandonedmine_A0=Verlassene Mine
abandonedtower_A0=Verlassener Turm
feloncastle_A0=Raubritterburg
pantheon_A0=Pantheon
