quarrybyzantine_A0=Stenbrott
grovebyzantine_A0=Skogsdunge
testfarm_A0=Farm
testfarm_A_backerei_A0=Väder kvarn
churchbyzantine_A0=Kyrk byggplats
churchbyzantine_A9=ortodoxa kyrkan
churchbyzantine_A_altar_A0=Altare
artisanbyzantine_A0=Hantverkaren's hus
workshopbyzantine_A0=Verkstad
ancienttemplebyzantine_A0=Forntida tempel
ancienttheatrebyzantine_A0=Forntida teater
bakerybyzantine_A0=Bageri
placebyzantine_A0=Stads huset
fortbyzantine_A0=Fort
forgebyzantine_A0=Smedja
villa urbana_A0=Villa Urbana
tavernbyzantine_A0=Värdshus
bakerybyzantine_A0=Bageri
fisherbyzantine_A0=Fiskarens hus
lumberbyzantine_A0=Skogshuggarens hus
watchtowerbyzantine_A0=Vakttorn
chapelbyzantine_A0=Kapell
farmbyzantine_A0=Farm
sheepbyzantine_A0=Får farm
playerfortbyzantine_A0=Fort
innbyzantine_A0=Värdshus
guesthousebyzantine_A0=Gäst hus
basilkabyzantine_A0=Marknad
barracksbyzantine_A0=Barack
barracksbyzantine_A_bed_A0=Barack sovrum
presbyterybyzantine_A0=Prästgård
fortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Smedja
playerfortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Smedja
well_A0=Brunn

oaktower_A0=Vakttorn
birchtower_A0=Vakttorn
pinetower_A0=Vakttorn
jungletower_A0=Vakttorn

placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Forum
vineyardbyzantine_a0=Vingård
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Björk skogsdunge
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Silkes farm
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Fort sovrum
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Fort sovrum
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Fort sovrum
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Fort sovrum
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Fort sovrum
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Fort sovrum
lighthouse_a0=Fyr
architectbyzantine_a0=Arkitektens atelje
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Ensamt fort sovrumm
lonecastle_a0=Ensamt fort
lonesheepfarm_a0=Ensam får farm
lonesheepfarm_b0=Ensam får farm
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Ek skogsdunge

lonecastle_a_training_a0=Trännings område
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Kapell

gifthouse_a0=Present Hus
playersmallhouse_a0=Litet hus