
japanesegrove_A0=Boschetto
japanesegrove_B0=Boschetto
japanesegrove_C0=Boschetto
japanesepeasanth_A0=Casa contadina
japanesepeasanth_B0=Casa contadina
japanesepeasanth_C0=Casa contadina
japaneselmh_A0=Casa del boscaiolo
japanesepaddy_A0=Risaia
japanesepalace_A0=Ufficio imperiale
japaneseforge_A0=Fabbro
japanesefishery_A0=Stagno del Pesce
japanesefishery_B0=Stagno del Pesce
japanesefishery_C0=Stagno del Pesce
japanesefishery_A1=Peschiera
japanesefishery_B1=Peschiera
japanesefishery_C1=Peschiera
japanesesamuraih_A0=Casa della guardia
japanesesamuraih_B0=Casa della guardia
japanesequarry_A0=Cava
japanesequarry_B0=Cava
japanesearchive_A0=Archivio cittadino
japanesearchive_B0=Archivio cittadino
japanesepagoda_A0=Pagoda
japanesepagoda_B0=Pagoda
japaneseshintoshrine_A0=Torii 
japanesefarm_A0=Coltivazione di grano
japanesefarm_B0=Coltivazione di grano
japanesefarmbig_A0=Fattoria
japanesefarmbig_B0=Fattoria
japanesecrafter_A0=Casa dell'artigiano
japanesecrafter_B0=Casa dell'artigiano
japanesefort_A0=Forte
japaneseplot1_A0=Piccolo lotto
japaneseplot2_A0=Lotto medio
japaneseplot3_A0=Lotto grande
japanesehut_A0=Piccola capanna
japanesehouse_A0=Casa piccola
japanesehousemedium_A0=Casa
japanesehouselarge_A0=Casa grande
japaneselookout_A0=Torre di vedetta
japaneselookout_B0=Torre di vedetta
japanesezen_A0=Laghetto
japanesekitchen_A0=Cucina
japanesekitchen_B0=Cucina
japaneseplayerpalace_A0=Palazzo del giocatore
japaneseinn_A0=Locanda
japanesemarket_A0=Mercato
japanesearcheryrange_A0=Campo di tiro
chickenfarm_a0=Allevamento pollame
bath_A0=Bagni pubblici
well_A0=Pozzo

japaneseoutpost_A0=Avamposto giapponese
japanesearmyforge_A0=Fucina militare
lonebuddha_A0=Statua di Buddha
bandit_cave_A0=La grotta del bandito
kufun_tomb_A0=Il sepolcro di Kufun 
kufun_tomb_B0=Il sepolcro di Kufun 
woods_shrine_A0=Santuario di legno
lonemine_A0=Miniera giapponese isolata
banditfort_A0=Forte dei Banditi

gifthouse_a0=Casa Bonus
