
japanesegrove_A0=Arboleda
japanesegrove_B0=Arboleda
japanesegrove_C0=Arboleda
japanesepeasanth_A0=Casa de campesino
japanesepeasanth_B0=Casa de campesino
japanesepeasanth_C0=Casa de campesino
japaneselmh_A0=Casa de leñador
japanesepaddy_A0=Arrozal
japanesepalace_A0=Oficina imperial
japaneseforge_A0=Herrería
japanesefishery_A0=Estanque de peces
japanesefishery_B0=Estanque de peces
japanesefishery_C0=Estanque de peces
japanesefishery_A1=Pozo de pesca
japanesefishery_B1=Pozo de pesca
japanesefishery_C1=Pozo de pesca
japanesesamuraih_A0=Casa del guardia
japanesesamuraih_B0=Casa del guardia
japanesequarry_A0=Cantera
japanesearchive_A0=Archivos
japanesearchive_B0=Archivos
japanesepagoda_A0=Pagoda
japanesepagoda_B0=Pagoda
japaneseshintoshrine_A0=Arco torii
japanesefarm_A0=Granja de trigo
japanesefarm_B0=Granja de trigo
japanesefarmbig_A0=Casa agrícola
japanesefarmbig_B0=Casa agrícola
japanesecrafter_A0=Casa artesanal
japanesecrafter_B0=Casa artesanal
japanesefort_A0=Fuerte
japaneseplot1_A0=Terreno pequeño
japaneseplot2_A0=Terreno mediano
japaneseplot3_A0=Terreno grande
japanesehut_A0=Choza pequeña
japanesehouse_A0=Casa mediana
japaneselookout_A0=Puesto de observación
japaneselookout_B0=Puesto de observación
japanesezen_A0=Estanque
japanesekitchen_A0=Cocina
japanesekitchen_B0=Cocina
japaneseplayerpalace_A0=Palacio del jugador
japaneseinn_A0=Posada
japanesemarket_A0=Mercado
japanesearcheryrange_A0=Galería de tiro con arco

japaneseoutpost_A0=Puesto avanzado japonés
japanesearmyforge_A0=Herrería del ejército
lonebuddha_A0=Estatua de Buda
bandit_cave_A0=Cueva de bandidos
kufun_tomb_A0=Tumba de Kufun
kufun_tomb_B0=Tumba de Kufun
woods_shrine_A0=Santuario de madera
lonemine_A0=Mina japonesa solitaria