quarrybyzantine_A0=Lom
grovebyzantine_A0=Háj
testfarm_A0=Farma
testfarm_A_backerei_A0=Mlýn
churchbyzantine_A0=Stavební parcela kostela
churchbyzantine_A9=Ortodoxní kostel
churchbyzantine_A_altar_A0=Oltář
artisanbyzantine_A0=Dům řemeslníku
workshopbyzantine_A0=Dílna
ancienttemplebyzantine_A0=Starověký chrám
ancienttheatrebyzantine_A0=Starověké divadlo
bakerybyzantine_A0=Pekárna
placebyzantine_A0=Radnice
fortbyzantine_A0=Pevnost
forgebyzantine_A0=Kovárna
villa urbana_A0=Stavení
tavernbyzantine_A0=Hospoda
bakerybyzantine_A0=Pekárna
fisherbyzantine_A0=Rybářská chatrč
lumberbyzantine_A0=Dřevorubecká chatrč
watchtowerbyzantine_A0=Hlídková věž
chapelbyzantine_A0=Kaple
farmbyzantine_A0=Farma
sheepbyzantine_A0=Ovčí farma
playerfortbyzantine_A0=Pevnost
innbyzantine_A0=Hospoda
guesthousebyzantine_A0=Penzion
basilkabyzantine_A0=Tržnice
barracksbyzantine_A0=Kasárny
barracksbyzantine_A_bed_A0=Postel
presbyterybyzantine_A0=Fara

oaktower_A0=Hlídková věž
birchtower_A0=Hlídková věž
pinetower_A0=Hlídková věž
jungletower_A0=Hlídková věž

placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Městská kaple
vineyardbyzantine_a0=Vinice
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Březový haj
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Farma na hedvábí
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
lighthouse_a0=Maják
architectbyzantine_a0=Studio architekta
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Pokoj v osaměle pevnosti
lonecastle_a0=Osamělá pevnost
lonesheepfarm_a0=Osamělá ovčí farma
lonesheepfarm_b0=Osamělá ovčí farma
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Dubový háj

lonecastle_a_training_a0=Cvičiště
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Pokoj hráče