
mayanplayerestate_A0=Duza piramida
mayancrafter_A0=Cech rzemieslniczy
mayanarmyforge_A0=Chata mysliwego
mayansculptorhouse_A0=Dom rzezbiarza
mayanlibrary_A0=Biblioteka
mayanacropolis_A0=Dwor
mayanalter_A0=Oltarz ofiarny
mayanhouse_A0=Dom
mayanhouse_B0=Dom
mayanhouse_C0=Dom
mayanhouse_D0=Dom
mayanlumber_A0=Dom drwala
mayanmining_A0=Kamieniolom
mayanguard_A0=Dom straznika
mayangrove_A0=Gaj
mayanpyramid_A0=Piramida
mayaninn_A0=Oberza
mayanlargepeasanthouse_A0=Bardzo duzy dom
mayanlargepeasanthouse_A_secondary_A0=Duzy dom
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_A0=Mniejszy dom
mayanlargepeasanthouse2_A_secondary_A0=Wielki dom
mayanbakery_A0=Piekarnia
mayanballcourt_A0=Boisko
mayanplayerlargehouse_A0=Wielka piramida
mayancalendar_A0=Kalendarz sloneczny
mayancave_A0=Jaskinia
mayancistern_A0=Zbiornik
mayancornfarm_A0=Uprawa kukurydzy
mayancornfarm_B0=Uprawa kukurydzy
mayancornfarm_C0=Uprawa kukurydzy
mayanobservatory_A0=Obserwatorium
mayansheepchickenfarm_B0=Hodowla kurczakow
mayanplayerhugefield_A0=Duze pole
mayanplayerlargefield_A0=Srednie pole
mayanplayersmallfield_A0=Male pole
mayanplayersmallhouse_A0=Stary dom
mayanshamangrounds_A0=Teren szamana
mayansheepchickenfarm_A0=Hodowla kurczakow
mayantemple_A0=Swiatynia
mayanwatchtower_A0=Wieza straznicza

mayanplayerpyramid_A0=Piramida gracza

lonemayancave_A0=Mayan Cave
lonemayanfarm_A0=Mayan Solitary Farm
lonemayanshaman_A0=Ziemie szamana
mayanbandits_A0=Bandit Outpost
mayanruinedpyramid_A0=Zaginiona Piramida
mayanbandithome_A0=Chatka Bandytow
lonemayanruin_A0=Zaginiony Dom Majow
lonemayancornfarm_A0=Zaginona farma kukurydzy
lonemayanmining_A0=Zaginiona kopalnia
mayanpyramid_A0=Piramida